What is a group of crows called?	A murder
Compared to their body weight, what animal is the strongest - Dung Beetle, Elephant, Ant, or Cow?	Dung Beetle
How many dots appear on a pair of dice?	42
Which is the only body part that is fully grown from birth?	Eyes
What is acrophobia a fear of?	Heights
In what country was Elon Musk born?	South Africa
Who performs the voice of Homer Simpson?	Dan Castellaneta
What country has the most islands?	Sweden - 270,000
In Australia what is commonly known as a Bottle-o?	An off-license / Liquor Store
How many hearts does an octopus have?	3
December 26th is known by what names in Ireland?	Saint Stephen's Day
In what US state is the country's busiest airport located?	Georgia - Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport
What planet is closest to the sun?	Mercury
Where is the strongest human muscle located?	Jaw
What phone company produced the 3310?	Nokia
What is the only continent with land in all four hemispheres?	Africa
Which river flows through the Grand Canyon?	Colorado River
Where is Angel Falls, the world's largest waterfall, located?	Venezuela
What is the state capital of New York?	Albany
On what continent would you find the world's largest desert?	Antarctica
What is the capital of Ireland?	Dublin
What is the smallest US state by area?	Rhode Island
What is the tallest type of tree?	Redwoods
True or False: Holland is a region in The Netherlands?	True
What are the 5 Great Lakes?	Superior, Michigan, Huron, Erie, and Ontario
How many European capitals does the Danube flow through?	4
Fill in the blanks: The capital of Bulgaria is _ofi_ -	Sofia
What is the capital of Canada?	Ottawa
In what capital would you find The Little Mermaid statue?	Copenhagen
On what continent would you find the city of Baku?	Asia
What is the only flag that does not have four sides?	Nepal
How many stars are on the Chinese flag?	5
How many colors are used in the South African flag?	6
What colors is the flag of the United Nations?	Blue and White
Which country features a shipwreck on its national flag?	Bermuda
How many measures of Gordon's Gin are in a Vesper (James Bond) martini?	3
Cacio & Pepe is a staple of what Italian city's cuisine?	Rome
Where did sushi originate?	China
What is a Beaujolais?	A type of red wine
Which of the following sauces is NOT traditionally vegan - Hoisin, Worcestershire, Mustard, Wasabi?	Worcestershire
What is the world's best-selling stout beer?	Guinness
What country drinks the most coffee?	Finland
What meat is used in a shepherd's pie?	Lamb
What is the difference between brandy and cognac?	Cognac must come from the Cognac region of France
Pink Ladies and Granny Smiths are types of what fruit?	Apples
What does FIFA stand for in English?	International Federation of Association Football
Who is the world's highest-paid athlete in 2021?	Conor McGregor
In what city is the NFL Hall of Fame located?	Canton, Ohio
Simone Biles is famous for her skill in what sport?	Gymnastics
Where does the Tour de France finish each year?	Avenue des Champs-dlyses in Paris
What is the difference between the skeleton and the luge?	Avenue des Champs-dlyses in Paris
What was the first name of Argentinian soccer star Maradona?	Diego
What height is a regulation NBA basket?	10 feet / 3.02 meters
What is the national sport of Japan?	Sumo Wrestling
What sporting event has a strict dress code of all-white?	Wimbledon
Where is Disney's European theme park located?	Paris, France
Which Disney movie has had the most sequels?	Toy Story (4)
"I'll Make a Man Out of You" is a song from which movie?	Mulan
What character have both Glen Close and Emma Stone played?	Cruella de Vil
Who was the first Disney princess?	Snow White
What color are Mickey Mouse's shoes?	Yellow
Scuttle stars in which movie?	The Little Mermaid
What year was Cinderella released?	1950
Mickey Mouse was originally named what?	Mortimer Mouse
How many "Academy Awards for Best Original Song" has Disney won?	14
